README.md, before:

# AngularCodingChallange

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.19.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

tried my best to learn as much Ionic in the time period. I was never able to run the project locally.

README.md, after:

# AngularCodingChallenge

This project was was built for a coding challenge for a company with a front end language I have never used before.  
I spent the first hour trying to get my local environment right with the Ionic and Angular to be able to build the project and view it locally. This was a failure. 
I spent the remaining 3 hours building the individual portions of the test without being able to run the build locally. 
Without ever using Ionic before, I found through the research of the framework and online docs that it is a pretty great software. 
The ease of use and logic attached to it made it for quicker development time than other javascript libraries out there. Although I found it interesting, I was not able to complete the project in time. 
With more hands on time with the language and a better understanding of how to set up the environment, I believe I would have been able to complete the project in the time frame. 


Challenge Below:

Scope  
·       As a user, I want to search for a specific food and view the results. 
·       As a user, I want to select a food to view a "Basic Report" on a new page. 
·       As a user, I want the food report (Basic Report) to display all nutrients and their values in grams.  
·       As a user, I want the web application to be responsive in nature for mobile devices. 
·       As a developer, I want an API key so I can call the NDB REST API.  
·       As a developer, I want an Angular service to consume the NDB REST API.  
·       As a developer, I want the data to be saved to and retrieved from the browser's local storage. 

BONUS: 
·       As a user, I want to favorite a food and report for later viewing.  
·       As a user, I want to view a list of favorite foods with reports. 
·       As a user, I want to select a favorite food to view the “Basic Report”. 
·       As a user, I want to remove a favorite food.
